I'd agree everyone it's finally time for
another grand theft auto 5 custom car
build it's been a fair while since I
last posted one of these things but I've
finally got back into playing the game
and there's tons of new DLC cars that I
need to cover so the next few videos are
gonna be my takes on some of those new
vehicles starting with the Rockettes
classic but just to put things into
perspective when I turned on my xbox the
other day I tried to install the
highlife DLC so that just shows how long
it has actually been since I last played
this game I was gonna wait till the Xbox
one version came out to continue these
car builds with full 1080p quality but
as soon as that release date is so
elusive we don't even know when it's
gonna be released so I thought rather
than hang around waiting for that I
might as well as carry on with them on
my old 360 so let's get straight on with
this one and take a look at my mods that
I've done to my inverter Akaka classic
which is almost direct replica of the
classic Corvette Stingray so muds have
come forward this one is first off for
the front bumpers the bumper delete spa
splitter and similar for the rear end
they've got the rear bumper delete just
to clean up those lines a little the
side exit exhaust does look really cool
on this car but I want to go with more
of a classic look so I've gone with the
race exhaust and then for the brief
spray color I've gone with a metallic
dark blue primary a same color for the
secondary actually just to completely
cover this car in one solid paint job
that I've added the ultra blue pearl
just to really make that blue pop
otherwise it's not really much left
except the roll cage and chassis
upgrades and then the wheels are set in
named chicane which are found in the
tuner category and they'd have been
recolored in stone silver it's worth
noting that there is a hardtop and
roadster version of this car but I think
the hardtop does look the better of the
two I might have to grab myself the
Roadster Varian and do the same mods but
with the red color scheme I think that
would make a nice pair but that pretty
much finishes off my presentation of my
invetory Coquette classic I think next
up I'm gonna play around with another
new car from the dlcs that I've yet to
play with I think the there was some
kind of supercar in the highlife DLC
what
it called the Zen zigzag adeg a toe or
something so I'll think I'll look play
around with our next so stay tuned for
that one thanks for watching I'll catch
y'all later